BMP180 ThingSpeak:

1. Include the ESP8266WiFi library in the program.
2. Download the specific BMP085 library from the 
GitHub website - https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-BMP085-Library

3. Place the Adafruit_BMP085 library folder your arduino sketch folder/libraries/ folder.
4. Include the ESP8266 WiFi library into the program. 
  It would provide the various specific routines which need 
  to be called for the ESP8266 to access the WiFi.
5. Enter the Write API key. For the channel created on ThingSpeak, 
  it provides a write as well as read API key. Store the Write API key 
  and the server name i.e. api.thingspeak.com into strings.
6. Also store the WiFi ssid which is being used as well as the password into strings.
7. Connect with the given ssid. Once connection is established the message is displayed.
8. In the loop function, the data sensed by the sensor is stored into variables.
  This forms the client program. Once the connection is established, the sensed data is 
  sent specifying the fields and with the Write API key.
9. The sent data may also be displayed if required on the Serial monitor.
10. Once the connection is established, the graphs are displayed on the channel 
  in the specified fields and regularly updated as and when data is sent to it.
11.As and when the condition specified in React is satisfied, the message is sent to twitter account.   

Thingspeak Channel creation:

    1.Create an account on Thingspeak
    2. Create a new channel 
    3. Enter the required fields whose values are to be plotted(here pressure altitude and      temperature)
    4. Other fields can be entered if required.
    5. Save the settings.

Creating a React:
    1. On the ThingSpeak website, go to the Apps section.
    2. Create a new React.
    3. Enter the name and condition type (i.e. what is the data type of the condition like numeric, string etc.)
    4. Set the condition for the particular field.
    5. Choose the desired React action to be performed (here ThingTweet).
    6. If using the ThingTweet action, link the Twitter account and the message which is to be tweeted.
    7. Choose the option as to when the action is to run. 
